{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12440\viewh14120\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Classes\
	1. User\
		ID\
		Role(s):\
			1. Imam\
			2. Muazzin\
			3. Site-Admin\
			4. Ordinary-User\
			5. Teacher\
			6. Student\
			7. Volunteer\
			8. Librarian\
	2. Curriculum\
		1. Fields:\
			1. Subject-List\
				1. Subject\
					1. Subject-Title\
					2. Subject-Description\
					3. Topics-list\
						1. Topic\
							1. Topic-Title\
							2. Topic-Description\
			2. Assignment-List\
				1. Assignment\
					1. Assignment-Title\
					2. Assignment-Description\
					3. Document(s)\
						1. Questions\
						2. Solutions\
\
	3. Recorder\
		1. Record\
		2. Pause\
		3. Stop\
		4. Move-Cursor (for re-recorder)\
	4. Player\
		1. Play\
		2. Pause\
		3. Fast-forward\
		4. Rewind\
		5. Increase-speed\
		6. Decrease-speed\
		7. Move-Cursor\
	5. Recording\
		1. Audio-Recording\
			1. Title\
			2. Description\
			3. Duration\
			4. Audio\
			5. Format\
		2. Video-Recording\
			1. Title\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 			2. Description\
			3. Duration\
			4. Video\
			5. Format\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
	6. Site (challenging)\
\
	7. Credentials\
		1. User-Name\
		2. Password\
	8. User-Details\
		1. First Name\
		2. Last Name\
		3. Title\
		4. Gender\
		5. Email\
		6. Mobile Number(s)\
		7. Address(es)\
		8. Date of Birth\
		9. About\
		10. Areas of Expertise - Description\
		11. Student of (optional)\
		12. Interests & Hobbies\
		13. Achievements\
		14. Resume (can be converted to resume service - Auto Resume generation + Assessment + Submission to interested parties + show openings + apply)\
	9. Account-Type\
		1. Imam\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		2. Muazzin\
		3. Site-Admin\
		4. Ordinary-User\
		5. Teacher\
		6. Student\
		7. Volunteer\
		8. Librarian\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	10. Document(s)\
		1. Certificates\
		2. Marks Cards\
		3. ID\
			1. Adhar\
			2. SSN\
			3. Passport\
		4. License\
		5. Election Card\
		6. Bills\
			1. Telephone Bill\
			2. Utility Bill (Gas, Water)\
	11. User-Profile\
		1. Photo\
		2. User-Details\
\
	12. Schedule\
		1. List-of-courses\
			1. Course\
				1. ID\
				2. Subject\
				3. Start-date\
				4. End-date\
				5. Daily-schedule\
					1. Start time\
					2. End time\
	13. Email\
	14. Calendar\
	15. Test-Scores\
		1. Score\
		2. Total Score\
		3. Grade\
	16. Study-Material\
		1. Title\
		2. Description\
		3. Links\
		4. Documents (upload)\
	17. Comment(s)\
		1. Title\
		2. Description\
		3. Thumbs up\
		4. Thumbs down\
\
	18. Fee\
		1. Amount\
		2. Currency\
	19. Payment-Details\
		1. Payment-date-and-time\
		2. Purpose\
		3. Breakup\
			1. Fee(s)\
		4. Taxes\
	20. Schedule-Order\
	21. Syllabus\
		1. Courses\
		2. Course-schedule\
	22. Syllabus-Order\
	23. Book(s)\
		1. Title\
		2. Description\
		3. Links\
		4. Locations\
	24. Payment\
		1. Payment-date-and-time\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		2. Purpose\
		3. Breakup\
			1. Items\
		4. Taxes\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	25. Invoice\
		1. Payment-details\
	26. Notification-of-order\
		1. Title\
		2. Description\
		3. Links\
		4. Documents\
	27. Question(s)\
		1. Description\
		2. Links\
	28. Assignment\
		1. Questions\
		2. Hints\
	29. Notification-of-assigment-submission\
		1. Deadlines\
		2. Links\
	30. Result(s)\
		1. Test-scores\
		2. Aggregate\
			1. Score\
			2. Grade\
		3. Comments\
	31. Challenge-Application\
		1. Test\
		2. Description\
		3. Test-Score\
	32. Fine\
		1. Amount\
		2. Currency\
		3. Purpose\
\
	33. Event(s)\
		1. Title\
		2. Description\
		3. Date & Time\
		4. Comments\
		5. Status\
			1. Approval/Rejection/On-Hold\
	34. Event-Details\
	35. Request-for-approval\
	36. Event-Cost-Estimation\
		1. Breakup\
		2. Total\
	37. Event-Cost\
		1. Amount\
		2. Currency\
	38. Notification-of-events\
		1. Event Details\
		2. Links\
\
	38. Catalog\
		1. Books\
		2. Availability-details\
	39. Inventory\
		1. Stock\
			1. Books\
			2. Magazines\
			3. News-papers\
			4. Journals\
			5. Papers\
\
	40. Approval\
		1. Comment(s)\
	41. Rejection\
		1. Comment(s)\
	\
	\
	\
	}